kohl's as well 427 four times tonight
and it was covered by la moraga at well
done it to master we've also got cash
for Tony Chris chair is there Delma cash
millions Paul player we've also got Ian
hav and koala congratulations to all of
you actually seconds on the clock ins
only got ten minutes left off your power
hour before we slowed things down just a
little bit by the way we're going to put
there a million 30 seconds on the clock
for you after ten o'clock tonight also
what we will do after we hit ten o'clock
I'm going to give you a full rundown of
all of your stats so I'm going to tell
you which numbers we've seen a lot of
which numbers we haven't seen for a
while and also which areas of hot and
cold as well
for ways of coping at that zero and that
is actually the force that time we've
seen it tonight since six o'clock so i
hope it was a lucky result for you let's
see who covers it f white has 24 pounds
we've got a kak hundred eight bucko
we've also got mars bar cash for Tony
window boy lady p360 for you very nice
work there deck or is in with 108 we've
also got cash millions to pursue 90
pounds and player is there as well so 4
times tonight for that green zero now we
do have the power our drawing to a close
it's ten o'clock then you've got another
hour with me where we slow things down a
bit I give you all the stats as well in
the next hour and then taking over at
eleven o'clock yeah me sorrow will be
here at Roulette nation taking over and
then Liam Liam Dolan will be taking over
130 until 4am yeah now on that number
history is confirmed and as soon as you
do have that confirmation on your screen
would you put your winning straight into
your account so course you're then free
to enjoy it you can withdraw Reese or
you can carry on playing whatever suits
you well done it to cash millions 108
pounds limera a koala for Scott in JV
player and rube sister
congratulations to all of you nice
weight so just 30 seconds on the clock
right now is still time for you to join
us it just just take a couple of moments
Lindsay challenge at procomp is my
address if you've got any questions at
all and if you want to call our team to
register the number on your screen is
oh-eight-hundred 08 one double one
double one if you call that it's free
from a bt landline if you aren't going
to ring from your mobile though just
check it out because they're different
operators charges will vary but free
from you to get those ships down get
them confirmed the power hour is drawing
to a close very soon this will be your
pin ultimate one minute round la mirada
come at number 10 while down 60 pounds
for you rubes has 10 I've also got bucko
lizzy lou super SU with 90 pounds and
koala hundred eighty well done it to
Missy the dog thirty-six pounds and lots
more of you well done so then if you
want to drop your line Lindy challenge
at whatcom we are live until four seven
nights a week we're interactive as well
and we love to hear from you so you can
get involved tonight if you want to send
your emails and your questions of course
a four clock in the morning that wheel
doesn't stop spinning we have a roulette
nation Express starting when we leave
you between Phi M & 6 p.m. and you have
one minute round
just like your power our lesson so you
last one minute ran with me then of
course remember if you do like these
speed round please one minute rounds
through let nation express between four
a.m. and 6pm is full of them time you've
got plenty coming up if you want to if
you want to check them out then verse
air we have loads winners look at this
cash for millions 144 pounds Gucci 22
cash for Tony mars bar 48 pounds 78 for
Paco and that is naming just a few of
you so congratulations to you all well
at well done now then you can also win
yourself some prizes during the World
Cup at our football frenzy competition
we've got a foosball table and 500
pounds bonus cash up for grabs every
week during the World Cup now this
week's competition will close at
midnight tonight so if you want to get
involved you need to check out the
penalty shootout game on the website
play for real and the full details terms
and conditions are all there good luck